You are my dad. It's a friend who insists on it, right?
Know my relationship with uncle. right.
It's me. The video on the big screen is made by you.
Uncle will be implicated by me.
It's me. good.
We are going to meet the class.
oops. good.
Don't dwell on it. I think about those first. If you have anything to do, come back and talk to me later.
Uncle. oops. I mentioned that your pair of dogs are also here.
They didn't bully you, right?
How can you bully me? But something happened this time,
I don’t know if it’s a bit of a fuss. But I'm afraid I'll hurt you.
I'm willing to commit. Don't worry if it's a pair.
You can get a dog.
Overall, no interest is charged
I've asked Lushi to perfect
Send it to lawyer Khan with him
Ask him to pay for accompanying adults
Not allowed for these two days
What about that?
He is not caused by the girl you brought here.
You call this little
We can do it ourselves
Silence is a time of growth
Anyway, two brothers
Nothing wrong with that